== Welcome to the Hatch Calculator
Hosted on Heroku at:
link:http://hatch-calculator.herokuapp.com/hatch/index

In July of 2014 and again in April 2015, CrossFit Mission Gorge started programming some workouts based on having athletes follow Gayle Hatch's lifting program.
This little web page is up to make it easier for athletes to figure out their lifts for a given day in any week of the program. It is offered free as a service to CFMG's members and the CrossFit community at large.
NOTE: if you don't know your one-rep max for front and back squat I'd say that you don't need this calculator, you need a coach.
== About the Hatch Squat Program
link:http://www.mikesgym.org/programs/index.php?show=program&programID=19
== About CrossFit Mission Gorge (the best gym in SoCal)
link:http://www.crossfitmissiongorge.com

Bias aside, the combination of great coaching, solid well-thought-out programming, and an amazing community have made this place a home-away-from-home for so many of us. If you're in SD, drop by, say "Hi!" and throw down a WOD with us...

== Some geeky info about this site

This site was written as a Rails app, which some would say is overkill for a page that could essentially be written as a single PHP sheet. It is meant to be transparently mobile-adaptive. I'm just wrapping up a Software as a Service class and this seemed like a good little exercise as well as a convenience for our community. If you give the page nonsense inputs it will just simply default in the current week at CFMG (or 1 once the program is over) and assume your one rep max is 100 pounds.  
Keep on squattin'
-Ari
